fix(docs): description for Updating React Email page (#3396)
resendlabs/react-email: apps/docs/getting-started/updating-react-email.mdx

---
title: 'Updating React Email'
sidebarTitle: 'Updating React Email'

> description: 'How to update from React Email 5.0 to 6.0'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'How to update from previous React Email majors'
```
